struct Point

  Constructors:

      Point(double x, double y)
        Sets the X and Y to the x and y values.

      Point(Size s)
        Converts a Size to a Point, setting the X and Y to the Width and Height of s, respectively.

  Properties:

      X
        The X position in the 2D plane. The positive direction is to the right.

      Y
        The Y position in the 2D plane. The positive direction is up.

  Fields:

      None.

  Methods:
  
      Point Round()
        Returns: A new Point with the X and Y values rounded to the nearesr whole number.
        
      Point Ceiling()
        Returns: A new Point with the X and Y values rounded up.
        
      Point Floor()
        Returns: A new Point with the X and Y values rounded down.

      double Magnitude()
        Returns: The magnitude of a Point.

      static double DotProduct(Point one, Point two)
        Returns: The Dot Product of two Points.

      static double Distance(Point one, Point two)
        Returns: The distance between the two Points.

      stati double Angle(Point one, Point two)
        Returns: The angle, in radians, from the first Point to the second Point.

  Operators:

      Point + Point
        Adds the values of two points together.
        Returns: A new Point with the sum of the two Points.

      Point - Point
        Subtracts the values of the second Point from the first Point.
        Returns: A new Point with the difference of the two Points.

      Point * Point
        Multiplies the values of the Points.
        Returns: A new Point with the product of the two Points.

      Point * double
        Scales the X and the Y properties of the Point by a double.
        Returns: A new Point with the product of the Point and the double.

      Point / Point
        Divides the first Point by the second Point.
        Returns: A new Point with the quotient of the two Points.

      Point == Point
        Checks if both the X and Y values are equal in value.
        Returns: A bool representing if they are equal.

      Point != Point
        Checks if both the X and Y values are not equal in value.
        Returns: A bool representing if they are not equal.
